# Craveytrain Naked

You may have noticed the new digs. You may have noticed I actually posted something. You may have a noticed a terrible mental visual in your head. Yeah, sorry about that last one. I am starting my blog anew. I have ported over the last few posts that were worthwhile and am primed to get going. However, I made some changes I feel are worth sharing.

I am not going to try to scope the content of this blog. That is a mistake I have made several times and it just never works out. This is going to be a blog about whatever I feel like posting about. Tech, personal, photos, videos, quotes, code, whatever. My only rule is the general rule I have about putting things in writing (only do it if you don't mind being quoted on it).

I have finally moved off [Wordpress](http://wordpress.org/). I have used Wordpress for many years and have loved it, but it's time for me to try something new. I like the idea of making my content easily accessible, easily postable and some incidental social aspects to it. So I moved my blog over to [Tumblr](http://www.tumblr.com/). However, for blogs about code, code samples and whatnot, I have decided to use [GitHub](http://github.com/). I like the idea of people looking at the code I have written, being able to download it succinctly, do whatever they want with it and even easily recontribute it to the world. GitHub does all these things very well. However, I want to show code examples in my posts. This is where [Gist](http://gist.github.com/) comes in. I can put files, snippets of files, whatever on their site and just embed them here. Yes, it's a script tag. I'm hoping it won't be too big of an issue, because the convenience for me and I believe for anyone that wants to use the code should be worth whatever compromise I have had to make around progressive enhancement. Github even styles the code for me.

Which brings me to my last point. Style, I have none. Well, more specifically, my blog has none but hey... if the shoe fits... I will eventually style this blog but I didn't want it to get in the way of my content or hold me up. So I have decided to launch the site naked. This will force me to concentrate on markup and content of the site, making sure I have things as appropriate as possible, then layering on the design.

So, here's to hoping I actually stick with it this time. Oh, and stop picturing me naked.